This story is about a boy. A boy who was destined to carry out justice. Even before he was 
born, he was chosen by the Dragons of the Ancient as ‘The One’. When he was still in his 
mother’s womb, the eldest dragon, Zineel, placed a mark on his hand. This mark is given to 
those who are chosen to fight for justice. People with this mark are born to fight evil. To 
right the wrong. To save the world. The boy is named “Dike”. Dike was not a very energetic 
kid. He was very reserved and only hung out with his brother, Kordian. Kordian was much 
more social and energetic than Dike. Kordian had a lot of friends and was generally very 
popular. Dike was picked on by other kids for being different. Despite it all, he never felt 
jealousy towards Kordian. Dike lived normally and peacefully in a kingdom hidden in a 
valley. The valley was beautiful with waterfalls and magical forests that bloomed differently 
depending on the season. The houses were built on the sides of the two opposing
mountains with bridges connecting them. Dikes favorite thing was so climb to the top of
one of the mountains, where he’d built a small hut for himself. He would sit outside the hut,
at the edge and play his flute. 
One day, when they were older, Dike and Kordian wandered into the forest to fetch some 
mushrooms for their mom. Kordian found a cave-like entrance and called for his brother. 
Kordian wanted to explore the cave, as the curious being he is. “Dike! Look! I found a cave! 
Come here, let’s explore it!” he said, as he ran inside. “I’m not sure about this, it’s probably 
best we just get back to mom, we have enough” Dike responded. After a little hesitation he 
went inside too. As he was walking deeper into the cave, he saw a purple glow on the walls 
glow brighter and brighter. As he kept walking, he turned a corner and saw a big purple 
circle. Kordian was silently staring at it. They both knew exactly what it was. The Dragons of 
the Ancient had told the village stories about it. It was “Deaths Gateway”. Deaths Gateway 
is the link between the living and the dead. It was a portal to the world of the dead. Dike 
saw Kordians eyes. He wanted to go inside. The tale says, those who go in will never come 
back, unless the God fairies desire so. Before Dike even got to say anything, Kordian was
rushing towards the portal and before he could react, he was inside. Kordian jumped into 
Deaths Gateway. Dike had no choice but to follow. He had to get him back. He jumped in 
the portal after Kordian and after falling for what felt like an eternity, he was suddenly on
the ground.
He landed in a dark swamp with no one around. Not even Kordian. They landed in separate 
locations. He started walking while shouting for Kordian. He walked until he saw a little hut.
The hut was decayed and beat up. He decided to look inside, maybe someone could help 
him. There was nothing but a sword laying on the table. When he saw the sword, he felt a 
strange and unknown sensation. He couldn’t resist but take a closer look at it. He eventually 
gave in to the temptation and picked it up. The moment he picked it up, wind started 
forming around the blade, eventually moving its way past Dikes arm and onto his body. He 
was surrounded by a whirlwind. The mark on his hand lit up. He always thought it was just 
a birthmark. He instantly knew. He knew he was The One. He had heard tales of this exact 
mark on the hand. The moment he realized it, the wind started dying down. The sword was
glowing, but slowly faded into being a normal looking sword. He felt a great power awaken 
within himself, almost like the sword was a key to unlocking his potential. Suddenly, the 
door to the hut swung open. A woman with a wand was on the other side of the door. They 
made eye contact, and she swiftly lifted her wand and yelled “bam to the woozle foozle!”. 
Dike got completely paralyzed and couldn’t move an inch. The woman, who turned out to 
be a witch, carefully observed him. “Why are you here?” she said. “How are you holding that 
sword?”. Dike was confused. He didn’t know what she meant. It’s just a sword. “Only The 
One can wield that sword. All others die!” she said loudly. She checked his hand and saw 
the mark. She gasped in shock and lifted the spell. “You’ve finally come! I’ve waited years for 
your arrival! You being here must mean there is great danger. A person only gets chosen if 
there is great danger. Come. Give me your hand.”. Everything was happening so fast. Dike
didn’t know what to do. For some reason he felt no fear at all. She made a star on the desk 
with salt, took Dikes hand and cut the palm open, so the blood rushed out. Dike let out a 
loud sound in pain and tried to pull his hand away, but the witch held on. When the blood 
hit the salt, it exploded into smoke. The smoke showed Kordian entering a big, dark castle.
“This castle is the root of all evil. Only truly evil people can enter it without feeling 
unbearable pain”. Dike didn’t believe it. How is Kordian there? How is that possible?
“Kordian! I must get him back! Where is the castle! Tell me!” Dike yelled in desperation. The 
witch opened a portal and said “Do what you must, but don’t get fooled. Your brother is not 
what you think”. “How do you know he’s my brother?” Dike said. The witch responded “The 
prophecy says so. Now go! Before it’s too late!”. Dike thanked the witch and jumped in the 
portal. He landed outside of the castle. He took a deep breath and rushed into the castle, 
preparing himself for the pain. Strangely enough, he didn’t feel anything and the mark on 
his hand lit up. He kept running until he reached the main hall. He saw his brother pick up a 
mask. “I must do this, brother. It’s my destiny. I can feel it.” Kordian said calmly. He put on 
the mask. He dropped to his knees screaming in agony. He was shrouded in shadows, and 
when he came out, he had two swords in his hands. He rushed towards Dike. Dike felt his 
intention to kill. The sword lit up and wind appeared around Dike again. He had no choice 
but to fight back. A deadly fight between two brothers had begun. Wind against shadows. 
Good against bad. After a hard fight, Dike ended up being victorious. Mourning over his 
brother’s corpse, he wonders if he really did the right thing. He let out a scream. His anger 
and sadness caused his wind to go berserk, wrecking the entire castle. Another portal
opened. The God fairies invited Dike home
